1.  Binary to decimal 

2.  Decimal to binary

3.  Reverse Integers

4.  bitwiseCompliment --> (1-> 0) and (0 -> 1)

5.  Is an integer is on power of two

6.  Returns difference between the product and the sum of its digit

7.  Returns numeber of set bit an integer has (SetBitCount)

8.  linear search

9.  Swap alternate numbers in an array

10. There are 2m+1 elements in an array.m numbers are twice and only 1 number is single.Find that single number.

11. Given an array of integers arr, return true if the number of occurrences of each value in the array is unique, or false otherwise

12. You are givern an array 'ARR' of size N containing each number between (1 and N-1) at least once. There is a single integer value that is present in the array twice. Your task is to find that duplicate integer value present in an array.

13. Given an integer array nums of length n where all the integers of nums are in the range [1,n] and each integer appears once or twice, returns an array of all the integers that appears twice.You must write an algo that runs in O(n) time and uses only constant extra space. (HW problem)

14. There are two arrays of size N and M. Both of these are sorted in non-decreasing order. You have to find the intersection of these two arrays

15. Find the pairs of two numbers whose sum is equal to the given number from an array

16. Find the triplet from an array whose sum is K.Also find the optimised solution(Not done yet)

17. Sort 0,1

18. Sort 0,1,2.(HW problem)

19. Reverse an array

20. Binary Search

21. Find the First and Last most position of an element in a sorted array

22. Find total number of occurrences of an element in an array

23. Peak Index in a Mountain array

24. Find index of Pivot element in a sorted and rotated array

25. Search element in a sorted and rotated array

26. Find a squreRoot of a number using binary search

27. Book Allocation Problem. There is an array of books in which elements represents book pages. There are M   students and N books. Conditions:-
(1) Each student gets at least one book.
(2) Each book should be allocated to a student
(3) Book allocations should be in contigous manner
You have to allocate the book to M students such that the maximum number of pages assigned to a student is minimum
28. Painters Partition Problem. there are m numbers of painters ans u have to paint the boards such that it will took minimum time 
(1) Each boards be painted
(2) contigous boards shoult b allocated

29. Agressive Cows
arrys of stalls is given u have to place the cows such that the minimum distance between stalls must be maximum

30. Selection sort

31. Bubble Sort

32. Insertion Sort

33. Reverse an array after position M

34. Merge two sorted Arrays and the resultent array must be sorted

35. Merge two arrays (different kind of) (HW problem)(Not done yet)

36. Move Zeros to right and shift other elements to the lest in the same order

37. Rotate an array by k

38. Check if array is sorted and rotated

39. Add two arrays

40. Get length of a string

41. Reverse a string

42. Given string is palindrome or not

43. Reverse words in a string (HW problem)

44. Return a character whose count is maximum in a string

45. Remove the space from the string and replace it by '@40' (HW without using extra space)(not done without using extra spaces)

46. Remove all occurrences of a substring

47. Permutation in a string
    Given 2 string s1 and s2 , return true if s2 contanins a permutation of s1, or false otherwise.
    in other words , return true if one of s1's permutation is the substring of s2

48. Remove adjcents duplicates characters from an array(HW problem)(Not done yet)

49. String compression 
For each group of consecutive repeating characters:-
(1) If the group's length is 1 , append the character to s
(2) Otherwise append the character followed by its group length
The compressed string s should not be returned seperately but instead be stored in the input array.
After u dont modifying the input array, return the length of the array.

50. Search an element in a 2D array
 
51. Row or Column wise sum of 2D array

52. Returns the index of row having the maxSum and also show the sum

53. Print like wave
Given array of size(n*m), print the array in a sine wave.
Print the first column top to bottom , next column bottom to top and so on

54. Print like spiral

55. Rotate matrix by 90degree(HW problem)(Not done yet)

56. Binary search in a matrix

57. Search in a matrix 2
(1) Integers in each row are sorted in ascending from left to right
(2) Integers in each column are sorted in ascending from top to bottom

    Return the number of prime numbers that are strictly less than n using
    (SieveOfEratosthenis algorithm)

    Segmented sieve algorithm (HW problem)(Not done yet)

58. Thorugh recursion check weather array is sorted or not

59. Through recursion find the sum of the elements from an array

60. Through recursion apply Linear search

61. Through recursion apply Binary search

62. Through recursion find Febonacci number

63. Through recursion
You have been given a number of stairs. Initially you are at the 0th stair, ans you need to reach the Nth stair. Each time you can either climb one step or two step. You are supposed to return the number of distinct ways in which you can climb from the 0th step to Nth step.

64. say digit

65. Through recursion reverse a string

66. Through recursion check a string is palindrome or not

67. Through recursion find the power of a number

68. Through recursion apply Bubble sort

69. Through recursion apply slection sort(HW problem)(Not done yet)

70. Through recursion apply Insertion sort(HW problem)(Not done yet)

71. Through recursion apply Merge sort

72. Merge sort

73. Through recursion apply Quick Sort

74. Quick sort

75. Phone keyboard problem

76. Given an integer array rums of unique elements, return all possible subsets (the power set).
The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets. Return the solution in any order.

77. You are given a string 'STR' containing lowercase English letters from a to z inclusive. Your
task is to find all non-empty possible subsequences of 'STR'.
A Subsequence of a string is the one which is generated by deleting 0 or more
letters from the string and keeping the rest of the letters in the same
order.

78. Permutation of a string

79. Rat in a maze

80. Singly_LinkedList
Traversal
InsertAtHead
InsertAtTail
InsertAtPosition
deleteNode

81. Doubly_LinkedList
Traversal
InsertAtHead
InsertAtTail
InsertAtPosition
deleteNode

82. Circular LinkedList
82. Circular LinkedList
Traversal
InsertAthead
InsertAtTail
InsertAtPosition
deleteNode

83. Reverse a linked list

84. Middle of Linked List

85. Rever LL in group of 'k'

86. Weather LL is circular or not

87. Detect cycle in a linked list

88. Beggining node of loop in lined list

89. Remove cycle from linked list

90. Remove duplicates from a sorted linked list

91. Remove duplicates from a unsorted Linked List

92. Sort 0,1,2 

93. Merge two sorted linked list

94. Check a linked list is palindrome or not

95. Add two number represented by linked list

96. Clone a linked list with random pointer